Redefine as an extension of CONNECT-UDP (#28)
tfpauly/quic-proxy: draft-pauly-masque-quic-proxy.md

---

> title: Proxying QUIC using CONNECT-UDP

Reviewer: This title is fine but I can predict there might be a slight risk of confusion (i.e. "can't you already do that?"). An alternative could be "QUIC-aware proxying using CONNECT-UDP"

Reviewer 2: I second this!

Author: Sounds good to me!

Reviewer: cool. It also conveniently avoids any assertions of optimized or efficient :D

Author: =) Updated

> 

Reviewer 2: Since you 👍 the idea 😇
```suggestion

 -
    ins: "D. Schinazi"
    name: "David Schinazi"
    organization: "Google LLC"
    street: "1600 Amphitheatre Parkway"
    city: "Mountain View, California 94043"
    country: "United States of America"
    email: dschinazi.ietf@gmail.com

```

--- abstract

This document defines an extension to the CONNECT-UDP HTTP method that adds
specific optimizations for QUIC connections that are proxied. This extension allows
a proxy to reuse UDP 4-tuples for multiple connections. It also defines a mode of
proxying in which QUIC short header packets can be forwarded through the proxy
rather than being re-encapsulated and re-encrypted.

--- middle

# Introduction {#introduction}

> The CONNECT-UDP HTTP method {{!I-D.ietf-masque-connect-udp}} defines a way to send

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CONNECT-UDP HTTP method {{!CONNECT-UDP=I-D.ietf-masque-connect-udp}} defines a way to send
```

datagrams through an HTTP proxy, where UDP is used to communicate between the proxy

> and a target server. This can be used to proxy QUIC connections {{!I-D.ietf-quic-transport}},

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and a target server. This can be used to proxy QUIC connections {{!QUIC=I-D.ietf-quic-transport}},
```

The proxy treats two mappings as being in conflict when a confict is detected for all elements on the left side of the
mapping diagrams above.

# Connection ID Headers for CONNECT-UDP

This document defines two headers that can be used in CONNECT-UDP requests

> and responses. All other requirements defined for CONNECT-UDP {{!I-D.ietf-masque-connect-udp}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and responses. All other requirements defined for CONNECT-UDP {{CONNECT-UDP}}
```

   Server-Connection-Id = sf-binary
~~~

> Like the Datagram-Flow-Id header {{!I-D.ietf-masque-connect-udp}}, the Client-Connection-Id and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Like the Datagram-Flow-Id header {{CONNECT-UDP}}, the Client-Connection-Id and
```

Server-Connection-Id headers can only be supported by an HTTP/3 proxy. If a proxy does not

> support HTTP/3 datagrams {{!I-D.schinazi-quic-h3-datagram}}, or it does not support the extension defined

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
support HTTP/3 datagrams {{!H3DGRAM=I-D.schinazi-quic-h3-datagram}}, or it does not support the extension defined
```

> in this document, it MUST remove the Client-Connection-Id and Server-Connection-Id headers from any

Reviewer 2: HTTP doesn't suggest to blindly echo headers, so I don't think the proxy is technically removing the header.
```suggestion
in this document, it MUST NOT send the Client-Connection-Id and Server-Connection-Id headers on any
```

  +----------------------+----------+--------+----------------------------------+
  | Server-Connection-Id |   http   |  exp   |          This document           |
  +----------------------+----------+--------+----------------------------------+
~~~

--- back

# Acknowledgments {#acknowledgments}
{:numbered="false"}

> Thanks to David Schinazi, Lucas Pardue, Ryan Hamilton, and Mirja Kühlewind for their inputs

Reviewer 2: Assuming you take the suggestion at the top 😇,
```suggestion
Thanks to Lucas Pardue, Ryan Hamilton, and Mirja Kühlewind for their inputs
```
